*Distribution Table, name=Ori-22-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-16-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-2-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-3-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-4-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-5-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-6-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-7-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-1-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-9-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-10-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-21-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-8-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-19-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-29-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-11-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-20-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-24-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-13-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-26-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-18-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-30-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-12-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-23-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-14-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-17-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-27-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-31-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-32-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-25-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-15-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-33-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-28-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-34-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-29-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-28-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-27-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-24-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-30-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-41-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-32-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-40-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-23-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-22-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-21-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-20-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-38-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-26-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-25-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-31-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-33-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-39-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-42-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-37-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-34-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-36-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-17-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-46-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-16-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-11-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-43-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-35-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-45-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-13-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-14-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-15-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-18-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-12-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-44-DiscOrient_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-19-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-8-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-9-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-10-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-6-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-7-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-5-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-4-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-3-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-1-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-2-DiscOrient-1_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-13-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-18-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-14-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-16-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-17-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-12-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-15-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-6-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-8-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-10-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-11-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-19-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-2-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-9-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-4-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-3-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-5-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-7-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
*Distribution Table, name=Ori-1-DiscOrient-2_Table
coord3D, coord3D
